Sawamura
Spring tournament
Where are you going?
Huh? Oh, I've got practice.
But all your matches ended yesterday.
Huh?
Wait, wait, wait... Asahi... Azumane Asahi.
Suga... Suga...
Kurokawa!
Tashiro!
Hey!
Heya.
Why are you playing basketball?
Why? This is the basketball team's gym.
Wh-What about the volleyball team?
Where's everyone else?
Who are you talking about?
Who...
You're the only one on the volleyball team.
That sucked.
That was the worst possible first dream of the year.
Clench your fists tight enough to leave marks
Now, go bask in the orange glow
!
Haikyuu Haikyuu Haikyuu !
Haikyuu
Sweating harder than ever has led us to the unknown territory of this high stage
The crowd's on their side and our chances are slim, so we could just skip out
But if the fear of getting hurt is keeping your wings in check
You may as well be a stuffed bird
If a person tries to live their life without getting a taste of their dreams and passions
They'll be torn by the heartbreak
But our goosebumps just won't go away
Our very souls are burning bright Beyond our limits
Awaits a land Of thrilling competition
Unleash everything you've got
Winning or losing doesn't even seem to matter
When you're in the zone and everything flows
In glorious slow-motion Now, go all-out!
Episode Nine: Everyone's Night
I got here way too early.
We're not supposed to meet for another half an hour.
Happy New Year Happy New Year
Wait, sorry...
Did I get the time wrong?
No, not at all.
Happy New Year.
It's out first time doing a first shrine visit of the year together.
It's a first first!
Wait, what was last year's, then?
Just the worst?!
Hey, come on, already!
No! You need to calm down, Suga!
And you should at least react a little.
You're barely even breathing.
I'm gonna go get a fortune.
Me too.
I haven't done it in forever.
What about you, Asahi?
I'd get pretty depressed if I picked a bad one...
You'll be fine. You're overthinking it.
Number Forty-Nine Number Forty-Nine Bad Luck Bad Luck
Fortune Fortune
Seriously?!
That's some skill.
If you got "terrible luck," it'd actually be funnier or even lucky,
but you got a plain ol' boring "bad luck."
It's like one of those morning news fortunes.
Shut up! What the hell did you two get, then?!
Good luck to come.
That's way more boring!
Come to think of it,
when you go to a shrine, you're supposed to be thankful for everyday things, rather than ask the gods for things.
Huh?
But I asked for so many things...
Like, concerning our matches, and even my future.
I even asked for good health for the old dog next door.
The gods probably think I'm super annoying now.
The gods aren't that unforgiving.
I mean, I don't blame you for at least asking for us to win.
It's not like asking the gods to help will win our matches.
Uh, Shimizu...
Did you really have to bring that up right now?
Don't worry.
Even if the gods don't help us, we'll be fine.
Yes!
Inbox Inbox Hinata Shouyou Hinata Shouyou No title
No title
I'm going on a New Year's shrine visit with Yamaguchi so we can wish for certain victory. Wanna come with?
Kageyama Tobio Kageyama Tobio Hell no Hell no
Miyagi Prefectural Karasuno High School
It was just a dream.
I know that.
I know that, but...
Just in case...
You've got a lot to learn, Hinata.
Damn it!
Call me Ryuu, the Paddle God.
Nice, Ryuu!
Here I go!
Take this!
Back at ya!
That's nothing!
Sorry!
Oh, Daichi.
Daichi!
Captain!
Hello!
What are you guys doing?
The gym's not open today.
I swung by after my New Year's shrine visit and ran into everyone!
I just swung by during my jog.
I ran away from my drunk sister.
I was looking for a worthy challenger!
Seriously, are you guys like tuna?
Huh?
I'm asking if you'd die if you had to stay still!
Go on.
Your days off are meant to be for resting!
I'll kick your butts if you catch a cold.
What are you doing here, Daichi?
I came to make sure the basketball team didn't take over our court.
Huh?
Honestly... Sawamura?
Hey!
Ikejiri!
I watched the finals on TV.
You guys were amazing.
Oh...
What? You nervous?
Yeah, I'm super nervous.
Just the fact that you beat Shiratorizawa and are going to nationals is amazing.
There's no reason to feel any pressure.
Just relax and go do your best.
Just kidding.
I'm seriously counting on you, Sawamura.
Don't forget this.
Everyone's watching you.
Win!
Win for us too!
Yeah.
Huh?
I always get way too scared.
There's no way I'm alone!
We depart!
Spring tournament Spring tournament
I'm off!
Haikyuu!!
That's the actual...
...Skytree!
It's huge!
Hey!
We're going to be dropping off our luggage at the inn,
then we're going to be lightly warming up at the gym that Coach Nekomata arranged.
Listen up.
I'm sure you know this,
but don't you dare cause a ruckus at the inn.
Right...
All right, we're almost there.
Thank you for your patience.
Thanks!
Seriously?
This is the inn?!
Holy crap!
Jaybird Inn
This place is totally haunted!
Let's go explore!
Yeah!
Right.
Bring it!
Hey, you totally could've gotten that!
Right!
Is it me, or is there less oxygen here?
We're not in the mountains, so...
Looks like all the nervous ones are already getting antsy.
Make sure you're breathing, Asahi!
I thought that Hinata had gotten used to keeping his nerves in check,
but I guess we can't be surprised since it's their first time at nationals.
Hitoka, let's remember to breathe.
But this is exactly why I treated Tattsuan to some beer.
There's no reason to worry.
Jaybird Inn
Hey, there's something I want you guys to see.
Are we going to be analyzing our opponents for the first match?
No, not right now.
What we're going to be watching is Takinoue Electric Shop's very own
"I'm Awesome Video."
Menu Menu Menu Chapters Chapters Chapters
This is a collection of your very best plays.
Sawamura Daichi Sawamura Daichi Play Menu
Menu Menu Chapters Chapters Chapters
Sawamura Daichi Sawamura Daichi Play
Sawamura Daichi Sawamura Daichi
Sugawara Koushi Sugawara Koushi Play
We have some from all of you.
Azumane Asahi Azumane Asahi Play
Azumane Asahi Azumane Asahi
Holy crap!
I wanna see!
Wow, that's cool!
Th-This song...
Th-This is much higher quality than I was expecting.
Do they all actually get their own theme songs?
Tattsuan even checked with their family and friends ahead of time.
Karasuno's Karasuno's Guardian Angel
Guardian Angel Karasuno's Karasuno's
Guardian Angel Guardian Angel
Guardian Angel
I thought we were going to be analyzing our opponents right up until game time.
There's no point if we aren't able to give our all.
I'm gonna have you boys engrave your best selves into your brains with these videos and music.
Being able to think back on this is incredibly important.
Jaybird Inn
Well, I'm gonna go have a meeting with Mr. Takeda and the coach.
Make sure you keep an eye on the troublemakers, Ennoshita.
Got it.
What the heck? Why aren't you asking me, the vice captain?
You're just going to encourage them, so no.
Boo.
Kageyama?! Where are you going?
I'm going for a jog.
I haven't moved around enough today either, so I'm gonna go with!
Huh?
Wait, you can't!
No, seriously, you two can't go!
It's the concrete jungle of Tokyo out there!
But if they don't go running and have trouble sleeping tonight, that'll be a problem too.
Tsukishima!
Not happening.
I haven't even said anything yet!
Weren't you going to ask me to go with them?
You've been wandering around yourself, so you're probably antsy too.
Do you really think I can keep up with those two?
Thank you very much.
Oh, don't worry about it! Use it as much as you want.
It's pretty beat up, though.
Thank you.
As soon as I say we're heading back, we're heading back.
If you don't listen,
I'll make sure to leave you somewhere with limited public transportation so you'll have a tough time getting back.
Even then, you'd probably never find this inn.
Got it...
Looks like Hinata and Kageyama are going for a jog.
You're not going, Yamaguchi?
Nah, I feel more at ease watching these videos.
You're studying here too, Suga?
Yeah, I always study right about this time.
You're so calm. That's so cool.
Or rather, I'm studying so that I can stay calm.
It's basically like a routine.
Asahi, how many times are you going to watch our "I'm Awesome Video"?
I mean, these are all just so cool.
I mean, these are all my teammates?
Anyone who saw this would be like, "Holy crap! Karasuno's the best!"
Playing right into Mr. Ukai's hands, I see.
What's up with you two?
I mean... Kiyoko is enjoying her bath right now!
How can we stay calm at a time like this?!
If I let my guard down, my fantasies are going to overwrite all the images in my head from the "I'm Awesome Video"!
Me too!
I'm pretty sure you two could keep both of those things in your minds without a problem.
Women's Bath
I'm so nervous when it's just the two of us.
I need to think of something to say!
U-Um... you still wear black tights with your summer uniform, right?
Doesn't that get hot?
Oh my gosh! I'm so sorry for commenting on your wardrobe!
I'm going for a run!
Uh, wait?!
I have a lot of scars on my legs.
I started wearing tights to hide them and just got used to it.
Huh? Scars?
I was a hurdler on the track team,
But I would trip over the hurdles more than others.
My arms are okay, but I've got plenty of scars on my legs.
Hurdles... That's so cool!
So they're like a medal of honor!
I'm so sorry! I can't believe I called scars "a medal of honor"!
What is this, a battlefield?!
That makes me really happy.
Huh?
Our junior high track team was huge, and I'm not to the best at talking to people.
It's not like I had any juniors I was particularly close to.
And even when I first joined the Karasuno volleyball team, it's not like I had another younger manager with me.
You're the first person I've been able to talk to like this, Hitoka.
And...
there's not much time left.
Tomorrow night, after we win our first match, let's come back to this bath again.
Yeah!
The National High School Volleyball Tournament,
otherwise known as the spring tournament.
Considered by some to be like a baseball team playing at Koushien Stadium,
it's one of the most highly-observed volleyball tournaments.
We're here!
This is the stage were the Little Giant fought!
Uh, the place where you said you saw the Little Giant compete isn't here. It's in Yoyogi.
Okay, shut up! I'm talking about the mood!
The mood is what's important!
Is this...
Could this be the lucky pervy incident I've always dreamed about?
Otherwise known as... a lucky perv.
I'm sorry.
There's just nothing I can do about this.
Thank you, God.
Thank you, Shouf—
Are you all right?
Yes! I'm fine!
Hey! Is that you, Kanoka?
It's been a while!
H-Hey, Ryuu!
Ryuu, you know her?
Yeah.
She's a wing spiker from Niiyama Girls' High.
Have you been well?
How long has it been? Since fourth grade?
Yeah.
I see you're as huge... as... ever...
She's matured... so much.
And Tanaka's turned to stone.
I thought it was weird for Tanaka to be able to speak to a girl so casually.
It appears that he just now realized that she's a girl.
Well, that's rude.
Well, let's both do our best, Ryuu!
Y-Yeah...
Hey, Kageyama. 'Sup?
Komori.
It's been a while.
Whoa, even Kageyama knows someone.
Yeah. How you doin'?
They must've been together at the youth camp.
Good.
You're not nervous?
I think that's Komori Motoya.
No.
That's impressive.
Is this your second spring tournament, Komori?
I saw him listed as the top high school libero in Monthly Volleyball.
Yep. But I'm still not used to it.
Sakusa's not with you?
He's over there.
He absolutely hates crowds.
Hey, hey, hey!
Hinata, hey!
Bokuto!
So you've finally made it, my number one pupil!
Hinata, you can tell him when he's wrong.
That's Bokuto from Fukurodani.
What's up, Hinata? You nervous?
He's definitely got a presence.
Yep!
I see, I see.
His pupil? Does he mean that wide-eyed shrimp? Who's that?
But listen up, Hinata.
I'm not gonna go easy on you once the net's between us.
Right!
Tsukki! Tsukki! Tsukki?
Hey, Tsukki, did you get taller? You did, huh?
Yo.
Did you finally see the real Skytree?
You country bumpkin crows.
Oh, dear me. Are you actually nervous, Sawamura?
Pretty sure talking too much is a sign of nervousness, Kuroo.
Thank you for waiting.
We will now begin the opening ceremonies for the National High School Volleyball Tournament,
otherwise known as the spring tournament.
The championship flags are now entering.
And the 47 representative schools from across Japan are now entering as well.
Hokkaido Hokkaido Ooya Tech
Ooya Tech Hokkaido Hokkaido
Ooya Tech Ooya Tech Hokkaido
Hokkaido Ooya Tech Ooya Tech
Hokkaido's first representative, boys, Ooya Tech.
Ooya Tech
Of course, everyone's nervous.
But you need to be calm, Ukai.
I know that.
Hokkaido's second representative, boys, Morikawa High School.
You need to go to the bathroom again?
N-No, I don't!
Miyagi Prefecture's representative,
Miyagi Karasuno Miyagi Karasuno
boys, Karasuno High School.
Karasuno Karasuno Karasuno
Girls, Niiyama Girls' High School.
Fukushima Prefecture's representative, boys, Furukata High School.
Girls, Iwaki Girls' High School.
It's starting.
The battle on the orange court!
So what if the pressure's on?
I don't need any help from on high
So what if I'm an egotist?
I just want to win, I don't have a reason why
I'll take on every challenge
I'll throw off any shadows of doubt
This is my chance to overcome my limits
I've gone all-out Conquered my fears
Turned them into conviction
Now fly high, higher, higher, to the top
Being so torn at the taste of defeat
Shed the tears that let our potential flower
If you try to give up, I'll just laugh it off
I don't know the meaning of the phrase
If you say it's too hard, I'll just laugh it off
Episode Ten: Battle Lines Episode Ten: Battle Lines
Episode Ten: Battle Lines Next time: "Battle Lines."